# The Black Vault Rehearsal Notes for Sunday August 18, 2019

## Objectives

1. Practice narration in scenework
2. Tighten up storytelling and expend descriptions
3. Work in more Lovecraftian techniques, themes, structure

## Overview

### Warmups

* Walk around the space!
  * Soft focus, neutral face/body, silent, normal speed
  * Notice 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 people?
  * Everyone stop, then only one person move at a time, switching out naturally
  * two at a time, three, four, five, up and down, back to zero
  * Stretches - Aspen - and checkin

### Run through top of show

* Marc does intro, takes suggestion of an image from a dream
* 3-4 people do a salon scene (these people are pre-cast)
* Narrator picks a title, narrates for two minutes or so
  * Add characters/location interaction
* Techniques - boondock, step-out-in, simile/metaphor, etc
* What happens next - BV story spine
* Possible direction - stop the story for a moment and briefly interview the character

## Run Throughs

### Terra 

* Suggestion: orchard
* "Self Preservation"

* Drive - needed the job for money for school
* Caves to the east
* Jimmy - young, but weathered
  * Lots of character description
* Move purposefully spot-to-spot
* Use pauses
* Waking up from a dream suddenly
* Repetition of dead people still around, the photo, etc
* THE TREES

### Liza 

* Suggestion: toilet
* "Humors of the Human Body"

* "We won't go"
* What's the drive to stay in town with aunt after husband's funeral?
* "mechanical" - okay to describe, but stay away from Twilight Zone / Phil K Dick area
* Phone call with mother - she hangs up suddenly
* Instead of not finding something, find something more horrible
* Women in the greenhouse, first having tea, then weaving a perfect man from vines
* RUN
* Walking arm in arm - are they connected?
* End big - maybe vines growing from you? Make it personal

### Aspen

* Suggestion: Pelicans
* "Why Don't You Eat Some Bread"

* Laramie
* Returning to family village
* People repeating things, talking like NPCs
* Getting room in B&B - coughing/choking desk person
* Joseph, mimic vocals, volume
* Always describe architecture
* Research in the library basement with creepy library lady
  * Eating words? flies?
* Stepping out, putting down your breakfast, going back to it in scene
* Creepos on the beach
  * Seeing something terrible coming - lean into it, describe it getting closer and closer, then all around you, then the final horror - ESCALATE to crescendo

### Suzanne

* Suggestion: Teeth falling out
* "My Contribution"

* say why the thing is scary
* teacher bullying/supporting student, home scene
* Go up hill with friend to see bones everywhere, wake up somewhere else (home)
* "dream", maybe? with teacher who crowns her Queen of Bones
* sacrifices everyone - bigger out

## Other announcements

* See you on Wednesday!
