# The Black Vault Rehearsal Notes for Wednesday August 21, 2019

## Objectives

1. Practice narration in scenework
2. Tighten up storytelling and expend descriptions
3. Work in more Lovecraftian techniques, themes, structure

## Overview

### Warmups

* Walk around the space!
  * Soft focus, neutral face/body, silent, normal speed
  * Breathe together, in out
  * Notice one person, drop them, notice one person, drift towards them, maybe
  * Breathe to drop them
  * Notice two, drop them, notice two, drift between them
  * Go back to your first person, breathe together
  * Notice three, drop them, notice three, possibly drift to middle
  * Back to one, touch shoulder and stop
  * Stretches - Who? - and checkin

## Run Throughs

### Sasha 

* Suggestion: other people wearing your clothes
* "Family Heirlooms"
* Note for Marc: talk about permission vs. consent 
  * People may have authority, and give permission to do something to someone else, but you can only get consent from the person themselves

* Salon scene: don't give in - stick to your viewpoint
* "things that belong to the dead"
* eliminate vagueness
* React to yourself, Claire
* Boondock - narrate in and out and around scenes, describe people
* Stay until location is changed?
* mine metaphors and descriptions and details for the juicy stuff
* "when technology fails"
  * set up for apocalypse? STICK TO IT
* "only take on the chores you can do"
* timeline of your stitch
* find the weird thing and pull the thread
* don't watch when they boondock
* CAVE PAINTINGS - ice cave?
* act out / portray the paintings on the walls
* noose?
* PASS OUT! and wake up somewhere else
* "her name was blasted from my mind"

### Samantha

* Suggestion: trying to fly and failing
* "That Kind of Power"

* "I think it's the most important thing"
* make up details about it, even if it's a real thing or place
* lean more into the simile
* name people/places
* SO MUCH DETAIL
* contradict your assumptions
* not 16"x16", but "it was the size of..." something evocative
* chambers
* road like dead skin in the headlights
  * great personal details
* outside of phone range, outside of screaming range *mwah*
* "What I'm about to describe..."

### Nichole

* Suggestion: hiding in a storm drain from chasing men
* "Living With an Enemy"

* "Vulgar" because...
* Radio voice?
* Elmo, SC, good personal details
* porch with sister, old settlers, talk about the past
* when they told me I couldn't cross the creek, I felt my socks get wet... SO GOOD
* Time jump - five years
* between the in-between
* ominous foreshadowing with experiment
* -o) Edith (weak narrator/strong warren type)
* "Oh, this old thing?" SUPER CREEPY
* get manic, mad scientist
* blow out the scale for BIG FINISH

## Other announcements

* See you on Sunday!
